Event onReady (#79)
e-oj/Magic-Grid: README.md

---

#### .onReady(callback)
Adds a listener that executes a function once the grid is ready.

```javascript
const magicGrid = new MagicGrid({
  container: '.container', // Required. Can be a class, id, or an HTMLElement
  animate: true, // Optional
  static: true, // Required for static content.
});

const id = magicGrid.onReady(() => {
  console.log("Grid is ready");
});

magicGrid.listen();
```

---

#### .onPositionComplete(callback)

> Adds a listener that executes a function once the `positionItems()` method has been called or after the container has been resized.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adds a listener that executes a function whenever `positionItems` is called. 
**Note: `positionItems` is called during initial setup and whenever the container or window is resized**
```
